# ProjectSkyjet

Our game (Project Skyjet) is a third-person action-adventure game in which our main character is aboard a collapsing spaceship and needs to defeat the robots that are responsible for the ship’s destruction. Our player will travel through hallways, fight enemies with both melee and long-range combat, and platform through the spaceship with a grappling hook. There are three levels to this game, and each one takes the player further back in time, revealing the secrets behind how the ship was destroyed and our main character’s role in it all. The end of the game reveals that the player themselves was the one who caused the ship’s destruction; they were actually an officer of the ship who learned that the ship was carrying dangerous weapons that would kickstart a war on another planet, and destroyed the ship in order to stop it. The robots, who the player originally thought were the cause of the destruction, are actually in favor of the ship and were attacking the player for destroying it. At the end of each level, the player will fight a boss in order to progress, and in the final level, the boss will be revealed to be the player themselves, who has specific movements based on how the player played the game. For instance, if the player killed a lot of enemies, the boss will be very aggressive; if the player collected a lot of items, the boss will through collectible projectiles; if the player ambushed enemies, the boss will have an invisibility ability; and lastly, if the player evaded many enemies, the boss will be fast and evasive from the player. 

The game will be quite linear, with hallways that the player traverses through to fight enemies, and collect items. However, we will allow for a decent amount of exploration for the player to learn more lore about the game, defeat extra enemies, and collect items which will aid them throughout the game. These collectibles serve a variety of functions such as improving the player’s attack, restoring health, or damaging nearby enemies when used.
